mark chapter one the beginning of the
gospel about Jesus Christ and the Son of
God it is written in Isaiah the prophet
I will send my messenger ahead of you
who will prepare your way a voice of one
Colin in the desert prepare the way of
the Lord make straight paths for him and
so John came baptizing in the desert
region and preaching a baptism of
repentance for the forgiveness of sins
the whole Judean countryside and all the
people of Jerusalem went out to him
confessing their sins they were baptized
by him in the Jordan River John wore
clothing made of camels hair with a
leather belt around his waist and he ate
locusts and wild honey and this was his
message after me will come one more
powerful than I the thongs of whose
sandals I am not worthy to stoop down
and untie i baptize you with water but
he will baptize you with the Holy Spirit
at that time Jesus came from Nazareth in
Galilee and was baptized by John in the
Jordan as Jesus was coming up out of the
water he saw heaven being torn open and
the spirit descending on him like a dove
and a voice came from heaven you're my
son whom I love with you I am well
pleased at once the spirits sent him out
into the desert and he was in the desert
forty days being tempted by Satan it was
with the wild animals and angels
attended him after John was put in
prison Jesus went into Galilee
proclaiming the good news of God the
time has come he said the kingdom of God
is near repent and believe the good news
as Jesus walked beside the Sea of
Galilee he saw Simon and his brother
Andrew casting a net into the lake for
they were fishermen come follow me jesus
said and I will make you fishers of men
at once they left their nets and
followed him when he had gone a little
farther he saw James son of Zebedee and
his brother John in a boat preparing
their nets without delay he called them
and they left their father Zebedee in
the boat
with the hired men and followed him they
went to Capernaum and when the Sabbath
came Jesus went into the synagogue and
began to teach the people were amazed at
his teaching because he taught them as
one who had Authority not as the
teachers of the law just then a man in
their synagogue who was possessed by an
evil spirit cried out what do you want
with us Jesus of Nazareth have you come
to destroy us I know who you are the
Holy One of God
be quiet said Jesus sternly Kamau to him
the evil spirit shook the man violently
and came out of him with a shriek the
people were also amazed that they asked
each other what is this a new teaching
and with authority even gives orders to
evil spirits and they obey Him news
about him spread quickly over the whole
region of Galilee as soon as they left
the synagogue they went with James and
John to the home of Simon and Andrew
Symonds a mother-in-law was in bed with
a fever and they told Jesus about her so
he went to her took her hand and helped
her up the fever left her and she began
to wait on them that evening after
sunset the people brought to Jesus all
the sick and demon-possessed the whole
town gathered at the door and jesus
healed many who had various diseases he
also drove out many demons but he would
not let the demon speak because they
knew who he was very early in the
morning while it was still dark Jesus
got up left the house and went off to a
solitary place where he prayed Simon and
his companions went to look for him and
when they found him they exclaimed
everyone is looking for you jesus
replied let us go somewhere else to the
nearby villages so I can preach there
also that is why I have come so he
traveled throughout Galilee preaching in
their synagogues and driving out demons
a man with leprosy came to him and
begged him on his knees
if you are willing you can make me clean
filled with compassion Jesus reached out
his hand and touched the man I am
willing he said be clean immediately the
leprosy left him and he was cured Jesus
sent him away at once with a strong
warning see that you don't tell this to
anyone but go show yourself to the
priest and offer the sacrifices that
Moses commanded for your cleansing as a
testimony to them instead he went out
and began to talk freely spreading the
news as a result Jesus could no longer
enter a town openly but stayed outside
in lonely places yet the people still
came to him from everywhere